Hi, my name is Nertil, and welcome to my course,
Building Data‑driven Apps with AWS AppSync.
With modern applications having to consume data from multiple sources,
we are in need of a robust scalable solution to unify our data access layer.
Being able to quickly create scalable, secure,
and reusable APIs is paramount in building large‑scale applications.
Learn how AppSync works and how it can help you quickly create
scalable and secure APIs for your mobile,
desktop, and web applications.
Some of the major topics that we'll cover in this course
include creating and configuring AppSync APIs,
querying and mutating data,
implementing authentication using Amazon Cognito user pools,
working with real‑time data,
and finally implement offline capabilities on our client applications.
By the end of this course,
you'll know how to create AppSync APIs and consume them from your
client applications by querying and mutating data, how to
authenticate your users using Amazon Cognito user pools so only
authenticated users can access the data.
You'll learn how to subscribe to data changes so you can get the latest
data on your client applications in real time, and also learn how to enable
offline support for a client applications in order to allow your users to
work while they are offline, and synchronize the data when an internet
connection becomes available.
Before beginning this course,
it's recommended that you are familiar with GraphQL
and Amazon Cognito user pools.
I hope you will join me on the journey to learn how to build
data‑driven applications with the Building Data‑driven Apps with AWS AppSync course, at Pluralsight.